Export Formats for RTI:

There are a few format options when creating an RTI:

0) RTI: this is the legacy .ptm and .rti: it works only for PTM and HSH basis and can be loaded in RTIViewer

The right web format depends on your hosting characteristics.

1) relight: a simple json file + a few jpegs encoding the different RTI planes (plane0.jpg, plane1.jpg etc) this is good only for very small images (details for example), under 1024x1024, I would say: some interesting photoshop trickery is possible with these images.

3) Relight with deepzoom is fine for most hostings, some are very slow to transfer large numbers (not size, it's the number the problem) of files.
    It is a tiled format which means it is very efficient for large images.

4) Relight with tarzoom: this is one file per image,it's also a tiled format, easier to manage (you only have to transfer a few files).
    Only downside is that some fileservers (more than classical hostings) won't support the partial requests (206) needed for this format.

5) Relight with  itarzoom: some hosting has anti dos (denial of service) filters that will trigger on large number of requests. Since we are
    asking for a large number of tiles, and a few planes for each tile this can trigger the filter.
    Itarzoom makes one request per tile (grouping the planes). It is a single file. In general is a little bit better than tarzoom.




Pick your RTI basis.


Vocabulary (mine, i might use some word incorrectly):
dull: no reflections, the correct term would be lambertian, no subsurface scattering (like skin or alabaster), something chalk-like.

LPTM: the cheapest, but don't use it unless you have the dullest material (chalk or something like that), no reflection no bright colors.

PTM
Pro: is cheap and very robust to bad sampling, especially if the capture has been made with manual held lights.
       normals can be derived directly from the coefficients (again accurate if the model is lambertian).
Cons: it's unable to represent reflections properly: too few coefficients and a focus on dull materials. (but if your material is not shiny it's perfectly fine).

HSH:
Pro: it is still very robust to bad sampling.
Cons: lighting artifact on very grazing lights, reflections are still not greaty.

RBF:
Pro: best reflections ever for the number of coefficients used.
        You can decide how many coefficients you want (you can use 18 as in PTM (6 per channel) and still get a much better material feeling).
Cons: very sampling dependent: bad sampling will result in jumps or irregular lighting changes.
          very small patches of colors can be lost (color will be different) since this is focusing on reflections
             
YRBF:
Pro: almost rbf in term of shiny reflections, allocates some bits for small patches of colors.
Cons: very sampling dependent

BNL:
Pro: close to RBF in term of reflections accuracy, 
Cons: somewhat sampling dependent: more robust than RBF, less than PTM.
          small patches of colors can be problematic.

YBNL:
Pro:  close to BNL in term of reflections accuracy, no problem with colors.
Cons:  somewhat sampling dependent: more robust than RBF, less than PTM.


Normals would be better computed separately: even the basic algorithm implemented in ReligthLab is better.

In summary: if you have a dome and visualization is only your concern, go for rbf or yrbf (depending on the colors of your subject)
and pick a number of coefficients depending on the network capabilities of your average user.
If your model is really lambertian, it doesn't really make a difference, use PTM, you get a slightly better 'smoothness' when moving the light,
and less parameters to adjust.

All of this applies to web visualization. 
